

This model is from the article:  
**An integrated approach to characterize genetic interaction networks in yeast metabolism**   
Balázs Szappanos, Károly Kovács, Béla Szamecz, Frantisek Honti, Michael
Costanzo, Anastasia Baryshnikova, Gabriel Gelius-Dietrich, Martin J Lercher,
Márk Jelasity, Chad L Myers, Brenda J Andrews, Charles Boone, Stephen G
Oliver, Csaba Pál & Balázs Papp _Nature Genetics_ 43, 656–662: (2011)
[21623372](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21623372) ,  
**Abstract:**   
Although experimental and theoretical efforts have been applied to globally
map genetic interactions, we still do not understand how gene-gene
interactions arise from the operation of biomolecular networks. To bridge the
gap between empirical and computational studies, we i, quantitatively measured
genetic interactions between ∼185,000 metabolic gene pairs in Saccharomyces
cerevisiae, ii, superposed the data on a detailed systems biology model of
metabolism and iii, introduced a machine-learning method to reconcile
empirical interaction data with model predictions. We systematically
investigated the relative impacts of functional modularity and metabolic flux
coupling on the distribution of negative and positive genetic interactions. We
also provide a mechanistic explanation for the link between the degree of
genetic interaction, pleiotropy and gene dispensability. Last, we show the
feasibility of automated metabolic model refinement by correcting
misannotations in NAD biosynthesis and confirming them by in vivo experiments.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Novère N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

